umm, We need to find something let's to talk about. We're starting to lose it. um...
ch, I'm....... I don't know, what, to talk about, it's hard to talk about
I feel like, so give me pen
I feel like***,
I don't think I have a preference just quite yet. I think
Well, for masters, all definitely go out of there
Like definitely.
and then i'll figure i honestly haven't thought about after and afters righting things so
I don't know
You seem like you don't want to go out, yet
So you would rather go like somewhere else?
mm mm
Yeah, that makes sense.
Okay
That make sense, that make sense
mmm, um, I
Yeah, I feel like I would
I would though, definitely East Coast.
We'll tell you how to do better.
I guess
If you were to apply for a master's in East Coast, which one would
really which you have to find?
It's it's worth a shot, you should at least try it.
yeah yeah
mm mm mm, huhuh
It's to, it's to be like, I'm tired here before
Here to avenge her.
Chili and rice.
It's G? I'm not it's G, any G? mm
Any C?
Whereas, would you go Isment?
No. um... Would you go Indiana?
Indiana? It's not, it's like
And it's a lot of people. ***If you can
Your National yeah, ch s
I think I'll try it.
I don't know if Northwestern has a good master's program.
ch Northwestern is good. That's all I know. Maybe I'll just...
It's worth a shot. I think it's worth a shot. Yeah
Yeah. I guess I'll apply to USC too.
but feel like, yeah but I feel like
I don't know. I feel like, I would
Want to try some like how, yeah, any C.....
Al... to be all
umm
Not clears. MSN.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. MSN.
And then, yeah, yeah. I feel like there's more in there
By this*** MSN Juilliard
that's it right. yeah
Cripes.
rice sss
Yeah, I think that. But like, I feel like
Master, we can think about right now. what concerto would you want to learn for master's audition?
It's haven't thought about it.
I feel like Brian, i don't like it go to like my classes this quarter, cuz it's like
Brahms Beto or not Beto
Bahm Brahms ***It's various try
That's about it, right? Like crisp ***
Yeah, yeah and then
I don't know. I feel like
I don't think they played the same songs for most
I mean, they'll probably ask for Mozart
I might you know from high
but that's because I'm like regarding *** or like
But, I guess, That's about it.
Or, I want to
I, and, yeah, I was, yeah, I have vibow
I don't see... but
I would lowkey would, but then I would have to take French.
Hahahaha. I don't want to take
French. French is
No. I can barely take German
I don't think I can take French. French is more complicated
***yeah
they have more than one like conjugations and
That is true.
yeah
I'll think about it.
Maybe I'll learn. Maybe I'll learn.
That's yeah, ***
I think I will